README.md, before:

# Bus When?

Bus arrival time app

A front-end and back-end solution to the problem of delerving up-to-date arrival
time information to people waiting for a bus.

#### MVP

-   Displays the next 2 arrival times for all bus routes queried from a server
    given a stop (or multiple stops).

#### Stretch

-   Properly style it
-   Make it subscription/websocket based
-   Add a database

        Potential Database Schema:

        	A stop -

        	-   can be on multiple bus-routes
        	-   can have multiple arrival times

        	A bus-route -

        	-   can have one schedule

        	A schedule -

        	-   can have multiple arrival times

        	An arrival time can -

        	-   only have one stop

-   Add Caching

## Front-end

Deployed [here](https://epic-euclid-7b3828.netlify.com)

### How to run on a local machine:

1. Run `git clone https://github.com/StephenBondor/bus-when.git` in a fresh
   directory
2. Make sure you have `yarn`
   [installed and ready to go](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/)
3. `cd bus-when/frontend`
4. `yarn init -y` get the package.json file up to date
5. `yarn instal` installs all the dependencies
6. `yarn upgrade --latest` makes sure all dependencies are current
7. `yarn start` (Note: this will only run the front end locally)
8. You should automatically be navigated to
   [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### Dependency list:

Un-styled frontend MVP requires:

-   React
-   Hooks
-   Moment.js

## Back-end

Deployed [here](https://frozen-crag-20790.herokuapp.com)

### How to run on a local machine:

1. This assumes the front end is golden, so start their if you haven't
2. Make you way into the root dir `cd bus-when/`
3. `yarn init -y` get the package.json file up to date
4. `yarn instal` installs all the dependencies
5. `yarn upgrade --latest` makes sure all dependencies are current
6. `yarn server` to start the server
7. You probably wont be automatically be navigated to
   [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) but you should brows there to
   see the GQL playground to make sure you are good to go.

Un-styled frontend MVP requires:

-   GraphQL-Yoga (an express server fork)
-   nodemon

Commit message:

Add Apollo boilerplate, refactor react app

README.md, after:

# Bus When?

Bus arrival time app

A front-end and back-end solution to the problem of delerving up-to-date arrival
time information to people waiting for a bus.

#### MVP

-   Displays the next 2 arrival times for all bus routes queried from a server
    given a stop (or multiple stops).

#### Stretch

-   Properly style it
-   Make it subscription/websocket based
-   Add a database

        Potential Database Schema:

        	A stop -

        	-   can be on multiple bus-routes
        	-   can have multiple arrival times

        	A bus-route -

        	-   can have one schedule

        	A schedule -

        	-   can have multiple arrival times

        	An arrival time can -

        	-   only have one stop

-   Add Caching

#### User Stories

##### User

Only one user type: End Consumer

##### Stories

As a User I can: Choose which stops I'd like to see information for. As a User I
can: See the bus services servicing those stops. As a User I can: See the next
arrival time for each of those services. As a User I can: Use this app on my
smart phone.

### Design Decision Justification and Notes (Technical Design Doc)

From the get go, this app seemed most suitable to deploy with React and GraphQL.

React: - Fast modular design makes scaling user interaction changes, design
changes, and infrastructure changes near infinantly scalable and easy to work
with - Many supported libraries/frameworks - Easy to pass on a React project to
another developer - Hooks allow for outragiously simplified local state
management

GraphQL: -

## Front-end

Deployed [here](https://epic-euclid-7b3828.netlify.com)

### How to run on a local machine:

1. Run `git clone https://github.com/StephenBondor/bus-when.git` in a fresh
   directory
2. Make sure you have `yarn`
   [installed and ready to go](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/)
3. `cd bus-when/frontend`
4. `yarn init -y` get the package.json file up to date
5. `yarn instal` installs all the dependencies
6. `yarn upgrade --latest` makes sure all dependencies are current
7. `yarn start` (Note: this will only run the front end locally)
8. You should automatically be navigated to
   [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### Dependency list:

Un-styled frontend MVP requires:

-   React
-   Hooks
-   Moment.js
-   apollo-boost
-   react-apollo
-   graphql

## Back-end

Deployed [here](https://frozen-crag-20790.herokuapp.com)

### How to run on a local machine:

1. This assumes the front end is golden, so start their if you haven't
2. Make you way into the root dir `cd bus-when/`
3. `yarn init -y` get the package.json file up to date
4. `yarn instal` installs all the dependencies
5. `yarn upgrade --latest` makes sure all dependencies are current
6. `yarn server` to start the server
7. You probably wont be automatically be navigated to
   [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) but you should brows there to
   see the GQL playground to make sure you are good to go.

Un-styled frontend MVP requires:

-   GraphQL-Yoga (an express server fork)
-   nodemon
